“DO IT. DO IT NOW!”
“Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.”
“What is the point of being on this Earth if you are going to be like everyone else?”
“Just like in bodybuilding, failure is also a necessary experience for growth in our own lives, for if we’re never tested to our limits, how will we know how strong we really are? How will we ever grow?”
“If you want to turn a vision into reality, you have to give 100% and never stop believing in your dream.”
“The difference between those who adapted and those who didn’t, Gorton said, was a willingness to totally commit.”
“All I know is that the first step is to create a vision, because when you see the vision – the beautiful vision – that creates the want power.”
“Be hungry for success, hungry to make your mark, hungry to be seen and to be heard and to have an effect. And as you move up and become successful, make sure also to be hungry for helping others.”
“The resistance that you fight physically in the gym and the resistance that you fight in life can only build a strong character.”
“Start wide, expand further, and never look back.”
“From the bodybuilding days on, I learnedthat everything is reps and mileage. The more miles you ski, the better a skier you become; the more reps you do, the better your body.”
“What we face may look insurmountable. But I learned something from all those years of training and competing. I learned something from all those sets and reps when I didn’t think I could lift another ounce of weight. What I learned is that we are always stronger than we know.”
“Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed.”
“The worst thing I can be is the same as everybody else. I hate that.”
“I never listen that you can’t.”
“The mind is the limit. As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something, you can do it, as long as you really believe 100 percent.”
“I like the color red because it’s a fire. And I see myself as always being on fire.”
“Stop whining.”
“I didn’t mind basic training. It taught me that something that seems impossible at the start can be achieved.”
“I welcome and seek your ideas, but do not bring me small ideas; bring me big ideas to match our future.”
“The last three or four reps is what makes the muscle grow. This area of pain divides the champion from someone else who is not a champion. That’s what most people lack, having the guts to go on and just say they’ll go through the pain no matter what happens.”
“Everybody pities the weak; jealousy you have to earn.”
Arnold Schwarzenegger Quotes
“For me life is continuously being hungry. The meaning of life is not simply to exist, to survive, but to move ahead, to go up, to achieve, to conquer.”
“Positive thinking can be contagious. Being surrounded by winners helps you develop into a winner.”
“There are no shortcuts—everything is reps, reps, reps.”
“If you don’t find the time, if you don’t do the work, you don’t get the results.”
“HASTA LA VISTA, BABY”
“I’ll be back”
